I'm going to tell you some crazy shit, boy. I was at my homeboy's house, chilling, drinking, smoking weed.

Suddenly this rat came out of nowhere. I'm sitting there laid back and this rat just looked at me. I looked at that rat and it walked toward me.

I'm going to tell you something about animals. If you look at animals long enough, you can actually hear what they saying. Animals can talk to you, but you got to stare at them, focus on them, look them in the eyes.

I looked in his red eyes and focused on him. He was talking to me and I was hearing him. Telepathic type shit. I heard what he was saying and he heard what I was saying.

I said, "What the fuck you looking at, man? Why you staring at me? What you want?"

He said, "I'm looking at you 'cause I want to look at you. I can look at you if I want to look at your ass." And this rat said, "You in my house."

All of a sudden my homeboy came in and said, "Bullet." He got a dog named Bullet. "What the fuck you doing in the kitchen? Get your ass out the muthafuckin kitchen, Bullet." And the rat left.

I said, "Man, what the fuck you talking about, man? That ain't no dog. That's a rat."

He said, "Man, that's my muthafuckin dog, man."

I shook my head. The dog was over there and I looked at it. It's like the rat turned into a dog. It wasn't a rat. It was a dog. But my mind registered that his dog was a rat. And his dog was talking to me.

I'm like, "Man, what the fuck did you give me, man? I'm smoking this shit, drinking this shit. I'm looking at your dog. Your dog look like a muthafuckin rat. And then the rat turned into a muthafuckin dog. Your dog was speaking to me."

He told me his dog love his bullets. Every time he put bullets in his gun, the dog be licking on his bullets. He said his dog went in his bedroom, grabbed a box of bullets, and brought it to him. So he named the dog Bullet 'cause his dog love bullets.

I said, "I bet your dog love bullets. I put a bullet in his muthafuckin ass."

I used to have a dog and we used to drink beer together. I used to stare at that muthafucka and that muthafucka used to look at me. It was a female dog.

And she said, "Why you don't like me, Tony?"

I said, "I don't dislike your ass." But you get on my muthafuckin nerves with all that muthafuckin barking and shit. I'm trying to sleep and you barking that shit.

I said, "If you stop barking at that muthafuckin shit, we'll be like... you know, I'm trying to sleep, muthafucka."

A lot of people don't believe me what happened, but I don't lie about shit. When I say some shit happened, the shit really happened. If I say a squirrel threw a nut in my muthafuckin eye, that exactly what the fuck happened. A squirrel threw a muthafuckin acorn nut in my muthafuckin eye. I ain't bullshitting. That shit actually happened.
