I'm going to tell you some crazy shit, boy. Maybe it was, maybe it is. I don't know how you look at it.

I'm at my homeboy's house, chilling, drinking, smoking some weed. Just doing some shit, right? So I'm smoking and drinking with this muthafucka, and all of a sudden somebody came over and he said, "Tony, I'll be back in a minute, man."

I said, "All right, man. I'm just gonna go in the kitchen and sit down at the table and chill the fuck out."

So I came in the kitchen, sat at his table, and chilled. I'm sitting there, drinking my drink, smoking my little smoke. Ain't thinking nothing about shit.

And just out of nowhere, this rat came out. It just came out the blue. I'm sitting there in this chair, laid back, and this rat just looked at me. And I looked at that rat. And the rat just walked toward me and just looked at me.

I'm going to tell you something about animals. If you look at animals long enough, you can actually hear what they saying. Animals can talk to you, but you got to look at them. You got to stare at them. I mean, you really got to look them in the eyes. Animals can actually talk to you if you just stare at them and focus on them.

And so I looked in his red eyes and I focused on him. He was talking to me and I was hearing him. It was like telepathic type shit. I heard what he was saying and the muthafucka heard what the fuck I was saying.

I'm looking at this muthafuckin rat and this rat looking at me. I said, "What the fuck you looking at, man? Why you staring at me? What you want?"

He said, "I'm looking at you 'cause I want to look at you. I can look at you if I want to look at your ass." And this rat said, "You in my house." And this rat didn't look like a regular rat. It was a funny-looking rat.

And all of a sudden my homeboy came in and he said, "Bullet." (He got a dog named Bullet.) He said, "What the fuck you doing in the kitchen? Get your ass out the muthafuckin kitchen, Bullet." And the rat left.

I said, "Man, what the fuck you talking about, man? That ain't no dog. That's a rat."

He said, "Man, that's my muthafuckin dog, man."

And I shook my head. The dog was over there and I looked at it. It's like the rat turned into a muthafuckin dog. It wasn't a rat. It was a dog. But for some reason, my mind registered that his dog was a muthafuckin rat. And his dog was talking to me, man.

I'm like, "Man, what the fuck did you give me, man? I'm smoking this shit, drinking this shit. I'm looking at your dog. Your dog look like a muthafuckin rat. And then the rat turned into a muthafuckin dog. Your dog was speaking to me."

You know what he told me? He said his dog love his bullets. Every time he put bullets in his gun, the dog be licking on his bullets. He said he was in the living room one day and his dog went in his bedroom, grabbed a box of bullets, and brought it to him. So he named the dog Bullet 'cause his dog love bullets.

I said, "I bet your dog love bullets. I put a bullet in his muthafuckin ass."

But I'm gonna tell you something. Animals can speak to you. Animals can talk. All you got to do is look at them. Even though a dog bark at you, all you got to do is stare at that muthafucka and they'll stop barking. And dogs can speak to you telepathically. They can actually speak to you and you can hear what the fuck they saying. All animals can. Dogs, birds, squirrels, cats. They'll talk to you.

A lot of people don't know that shit. But I know that shit. I found that shit out from my experience. 'Cause I used to have a dog and we used to drink beer together. I used to stare at that muthafucka and that muthafucka used to look at me. It was a female dog.

And she said, "Why you don't like me, Tony?" What the dog said to me: "Why you don't like me?"

I said, "I don't dislike your ass." But you get on my muthafuckin nerves with all that muthafuckin barking and shit. I'm trying to sleep and you barking that shit.

I said, "If you stop barking at that muthafuckin shit, we'll be like... you know, I'm trying to sleep, muthafucka."

But you can take any animal. Even goldfish. Any kind of fish. If you got a fish tank, you got fish. If you got a bird in a cage, you got a dog, a cat, a snake, turtle, whatever the fuck you got. Trust me. If you don't believe me, do this shit. If you got a pet, just stare at that muthafucka. Just stare at them and focus on their ass and you can actually hear what the fuck they saying.

You can hear what they saying. I don't care what language you speak. You can speak English, Spanish, Chinese, Vietnamese, Swahili, whatever. If you got a pet, just stare at that muthafucka. Look at them. They will actually talk to you in your language.

You just do it and then come back and let me know. And you would let me know like, "Damn, Tony old man, you were right, muthafucka. That my dog, my cat, my fish, my snake they muthafuckas actually spoke to my ass telepathically." And they will speak to your ass and they'll cuss your ass out too.

A lot of people don't believe me what happened, but I don't lie about shit. When I say some shit happened, the shit really happened. If I say a squirrel threw a nut in my muthafuckin eye, that exactly what the fuck happened. A squirrel threw a muthafuckin acorn nut in my muthafuckin eye. I ain't bullshitting. That shit actually happened.

All right, y'all. Until next time, baby. Subscribe, baby. Subscribe. Like, share, comment, hit me up and all that shit.
